1. Hello, am I speaking with Brad Thompson?
2. Hi I'm Taylor an AI assistant calling from Westlake Financial on a recorded line
3. Your account is currently past due with a balance of eighty-two thousand, five hundred and thirty-five dollars
4. Would you be able to make this payment today
5. Great
6. Let's proceed with the payment of eighty-two thousand, five hundred and thirty-five dollars today
7. Please hold on for a moment while I process this
8. - Would you like to use the Visa ending in nine one two three that you've used before to make your payment of eighty-two thousand, five hundred and thirty-five dollars today
9. Typing in these payment details now
10. -
11. Great
12. I'll read a quick disclaimer
13. Brad Thompson today on the twenty-first of August twenty twenty-five you are authorizing a payment in the amount of eighty-two thousand, five hundred and thirty-five dollars plus a five hundred and ninety-five dollars processing fee dated on the twenty-first of August twenty twenty-five using your Visa ending in nine one two three
14. By authorizing this payment you agree that you are the account holder or authorized user
15. Please say yes to proceed with your payment
16. Hello, am I speaking with Brad Thompson?
17. Hello, am I speaking with Brad Thompson?
18. Hi, I'm Taylor, an AI assistant, calling from Westlake Financial on a recorded line.
19. Your account is currently past due with a balance of eight hundred and twenty-five dollars and thirty-five cents.
20. Would you be able to make this payment today?
21. Great!
22. Let's proceed with the payment of the total due amount of eight hundred and twenty-five dollars and thirty-five cents today.
23. Please confirm if you'd like to continue with this payment.
24. I'll just check that for you.
25. - Would you like to use the Visa ending in nine one two three that you've used before to make your payment of eight hundred and twenty-five dollars and thirty-five cents today?
26. Let me input that.
27. -
28. Great!
29. I'll read a quick disclaimer.
30. Brad Thompson, today, on the twenty-first of August, twenty twenty-five you are authorizing a payment in the amount of eight hundred and twenty-five dollars and thirty-five cents, plus a five dollars and ninety-five cents processing fee, dated on the twenty-first of August, twenty twenty-five using your Visa ending in nine one two three.
31. By authorizing this payment, you agree that you are the account holder or authorized user.
32. Please say yes to proceed with your payment.
33. Fake payment made.
34. The confirmation number is one two three four. five six seven eight.
35. Can I help you with anything else?
36. How may I assist you further?
